# Group log 2020 02 17

## Anticipated TODO:

### Experimental team

- Calligraphy:
  - Produce an album of results using the naive method
  - Pedagogical elements for the poster presentation
- Linear Regression:
  - Presentation-ready graphs
    - including display of how real sensor position was obtained

### Soft team

- more interesting synthetic data
	- Non-constant alpha value:
    - piecewise constant ( large positive, small positive, large negative, small negative )
    - sawtooth ( ramp up and down )
    - sinusoidal
  - Non-constant radial value:
    - piecewise constant ( always positive values of course)

### Modeling a new physical phenomenon: SHM

- Both teams can work on different parts of this. Depending on progress of other aspects of our system.
- Once it works, we can then SHM + non-aligned sensor: recover rotation parameter
- Synthetic data: x(t) varies sinusoidally, generate ax(t)
  - parameters A, omega, phi\_initial
  - metaparamete
    - delta\_t ; ensure period \&gt; 10\*delta\_t
- Local cost function
  - ci=ai-Acos(omega\*delta\_t\*i + phi\_initial )
- Windowed cost function
  - window size N
  - c = SUM (ci\*\*2)
- Optimization
  - Start with N = 10; and with known value for phi and omega
    - ie. just optimize for A
  - multiple iterations at each window position-0)
- Rotation
  - Generate ax(t) as previously.
  - Apply a 2D rotation in x-y plane by angle theta
  - cost function first applies a rotation to (ax,ay)
  - then ci= SQR(ai-Acos(wt-phi)) + SQR(ay-0)
  - i.e. require ay=0 after rotation

### Notes: Rotation problem for radial-parameter inference

- Recall that we rotate (ax,ay) by a trial angle phi yielding (ar,at). If angle phi results in a_r negative, then our cost function fails because of the square-root operation. As Jerome has pointed out!
- Solution: branching logic in the cost function
  - if ar\&lt;0, cost = CONST – ar
    - where ar is the undesired negative value
    - where CONST is the maximum value of the regular cost function
    - unclear how to anticipate value of CONST
- I need more time to think this one through before we implement!
