# Day 6 dev notes:
Date: 22-02-24

## Session journal:
- Visit from Prof. Silerova
- Visit from Jeffrey
- Review what has been accomplished up until this point which included:
    - Extensive development of the tensorflow modules, test modules and data simulations
    - Fixing the critical modules that support higher level ones like tensorflow, data analysis and data collection, etc. 
    - The second refactoring of the repository and the new repo-wide implementation of the package referencing method.
    - Dealing with drift accrued from real-world data collection
    - Figuring out how to perfect our code and algorithm with regards to the current optimization algorithm: knowing how to guide the optimization function so that it successfully reaches the local minimum of a sinusoidal graph.
## Personal progress:
- Built a working demo of the website; however, unreliable internet connection prevented from live demo for everyone to see.
- Deployed the demo on personal domain https://islab.nogamioka.com/ to show everyone at home instead. The repository is https://github.com/zasshuwu/islab-web.git
- Feature and backend overview of the current web demo:
    - Dynamic navigation links
    - Support article/posts creation and archival
    - Support embedded content in which the host content itself supports LaTeX formatting, i.e. `.docx, .pdf, .xslx`
    - Author profile
    - List of publications (only just a simple text-based content for now)
    - HTTPS (by CloudFlare because it is hosted on my domain)
    - Backend: `javascript, jekyll, ruby`. GitHub automatically renders the assets into a functioning website. (I hope to fully have the site independently hosted on a full-fledge hosting service like Google Cloud Platform or Microsoft Azure or DigitalOcean to implement complex backend frameworks that needs shell access, AWS excluded because of the exorbitant costs).
    - Front-end: Customizable Sass styling, gem-based themes, Liquid front matter, markdown-to-html rendition.
    