# Development Notes - Day 4
Date: 10 Feb, 2020

## Tasks set out:
- Verbosing the path of processing: synthetic data vs. mixed data vs. real-world data
- Visualize loss field
- Fix tensorflow gradient descent codes and algorithms
- Fix the local and global optimizer for both non-rotary and rotary data
- Address Python interpreter issues
- Mapping movement in 3D space (Justin and Adamo)

## Details:
- Verbose:
    - Laid out the development pathways
- Visualization of loss field (self):
    - Suggested to use the polar plot function in matplotlib.pyplot
    - Simulating synthetic data (phi, r, loss) for use in the plot function
    - Basic plotting codes have been added to the module, we can generate the actual plotting codes for the data based on these fundamentals.
    - Roadblock with how the data would be generated as everything is dependent on one another
    - Suggesting just generate random data points to get the plot working first
    - Might be able to combine two plots phi vs. iter and loss vs. iter into a 3D plot.
- Fix tensorflow gradient descent:
    - Trying to find the sweet spot for gradient by hardcoding various directional magnitudes into the graph
    - So far, the code runs however, the results are sketchy
    - (Refer to Jerome for further information)
- Fix the local and global optimizer: partially done, needs further tweaks.
- Address Python interpreter issues in PyCharm: since it is development environment-specific, we cannot say for sure the solutions work for everyone. However, I have uploaded a guide to hotfix the tensorflow deprecated version crap [here](tensorflow_101.ipynb) (uses *.ipnyb format). Alternatively, view with [Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/11MHR9Qlh8O_SK8PeFmPiwGAOTCxq5ViO).
- Mapping movement in 3D space (Adamo and Justin for further details):
    - The mapping works; however, at the end of the data collection/conversion exists a major Tokyo Drift 2020 Reboot problem.
    - Still unable to figure why because synthetic data works.
    - This possibly narrows down to the conversion function's workings.
    - (Refer to __name__ above for further details)

## To do:
- Errrrrr... Continue those above(?)