# Development Notes - Day 1
Date: January 20, 2020<br>
Note to self: !!!Use jekyll frontmatter style for naming notes from now on!!!

## Tasks:

- Clean up project file structures (self - completed)
- Refactor (self+Jerome - completed)
- Validate modules and functions (Jerome - completed)
- Documentation (Jerome - completed)

## Details:

1. Clean up project file structures: (**branch dev1**)
    - Categorized modules into 3 types: deprecated, test-units, and actual running source (root of src).
    - Moved images (.jpg, .png) into [doc/img](../img).
    - Moved documents (.pdf, .pptx, .docx, etc.) into [doc/pubs](../pubs).
    - Created [manuals-teardowns/](../../manuals-teardowns/) for depositing accelerometric devices documentations.
2. Refactor: (**branch dev1**) <br>
Because changing the location of the test modules means voiding their current path variables within the modules themselves, we refactored the path to make them great again. <br>
    - Our first elementary try to refactor by adding the trailing directory path `../***/***` to escape to parent folder was not successful.
    - We found the package structure for Python project and applied it. <br>
    The method is basically adding a namespace Python file to each subfolder
    ```
        Root/
            | __init__.py
            | Subfolder-1/
                | __init__.py
            | Subfolder-2/
                | __init__.py
                | Subfolder-2.1/
                    | __init__.py
            | Subfolder-3/
                | __init__.py    
    ```
    If we were not to do this before adding the escape path string, the debug will most likely yield either an invalid syntax error or a package not defined error.
    - Jerome found an option in PyCharm to streamline the refactoring (aka. module renaming) process for project-wide changes.
    - I have not found out a similar way in Visual Studio Code (not the actual Visual Studio).

## Plan for the next session:
- To begin building a user interface for data I/O processing with the modules. So far, the original team (me excl.) has only developed synthetic data generation and test modules to manually check if the code would run or not (dev backend). Now we are looking at doing the front-end for the project's experimental teamm to use with their more recently collected experimental data from the devices.
- Before day 2 starts, try to merge all changes from `dev1` to `master` branch.