#March 9th, 2020
## Handwriting (Continued)
- Catch up with what happened in the past weeks before March break.
### TO DO for today
1. [X] Horizontal lines on graph to mimic calligraphy pen
    - Made multiple examples of line thickness, to show a good balance between
    horizontal thickness and vertical thickness.
2. [ ] Make accelerometer calligraphy pen
    - Drew out phone holster connected to pen holder in Fusion 360.
        - Diameter of pen holder is 1cm
        - Width of phone holster is 3.5"
        - Made hole about halfway through the pen holder so that vice screw can be
        placed in there. It will be used to keep pen in place.
    - Will make another design to hold X-12 instead of phone.
3. [X] Create font out of handwritten letters
    - Found web app called Calligraphr to help with creating a font.
    - Alongside horizontal lines (see TODO #1), saved graphs of letters of alphabet.
    - These were placed on template to upload as a font using Calligraphr
    - Wrote numbers from acceleration data to add to font
    - Punctuation not included since it is mostly all discontinuous.
    - [Font](Font/Accelerometer-Regular.ttf)
4. [X] Presentation material for Handwriting Lab
    - Created word document called [Position via Regression Summary](../Position%20via%20Regression/Position%20via%20Regression%20Summary.docx) 
    that aims to describe our method, data, conclusions, and sources of error. 
    It includes the final calculation data as well as the final 
    graphs that show the acceleration as a function of position on the frame.
5. [ ] Presentation material for Regression Lab