# February 24, 2020
## Handwriting Lab
- Want to write a code that allows us to lift up pen and stop the plotter
from plotting those values
    - Thinking that when the z acceleration/position is above a certain value, to
    pad those values to 0 and skip to the next one.
- Learning difference between MatPlotLib regular Plotter vs Scatter Plotter so
that the loss of z values is possible

## Progress
- Wrote the code that checks if z acceleration is above a signed error margin
(currently 2m/s^2), and if so, sets the position of that point to (0,0) on the 2d
plot.
- Made the plotted points have horizontal lines as their marker points. This makes
the position plot look like it was written with a calligraphy pen held 
horizontally. 

### Writing Letters with lifting pen
   We found that letters come out more clearly when the lines of the letter
    are written quickly, with the lifting being slower and straighter.
    
## Updates and Plans
We will write each letter of the alphabet without removing the pen from the paper,
allowing us to get an idea of what shapes to put into a font. This will also allow
us to get a basis for splitting the letters into basic straight line movements for
possible later AI use.

Letters completed:
- A, F, f, H, I, i, j, K, k, Q, t, Y, y

Every letter was completed. We will next make a font out of the letters next session.

**Note:** When writing letters i and j, we curved the top of the letter above the stem
instead of adding a dot, because of the issues concerning the lifting of the pen.
   